update on finding school placement on TDA page (#4638)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/teacher-degree-apprenticeships.md

 
The teaching apprenticeship is a 4-year, full-time course that lets you train as a teacher with an accredited teacher training provider. Trainee teachers will spend an average of 40% of their time (2 days a week) studying for their degree with a university.

Some TDA providers will want you to have already arranged a school to work in while you train. Speak to the teacher training provider to find out what their requirements are.

> ## What is the salary for a teacher degree apprenticeship?

Author: ```suggestion
## What's the salary for a teacher degree apprenticeship?
```
